This tutorial employs scikit-image library to process images. It has 13 sections. 
Titles and brief descriptions for these sections are as follows:

1 - Image Processing Tutorial Using scikit-image - Basic Operations on Images

This tutorial uses scikit-image library to process images.
This is the introductory section where basic operations like loading and transforming 
images are presented.

2 - Image Processing Tutorial Using scikit-image - Masking

In this section, I went over masking images to show only the relevant parts. As an 
exercise, I used a for loop to show hamburgers in a repetitive image and black out the rest.

3 - Image Processing Tutorial Using scikit-image - Manipulating Image Pixels

In this section, I explored how to set pixel values to a certain value based on a threshold
value and do calculations on pixel values. As an exercise, I calculated average red, green 
and blue color values  of certain pixels which may be useful in determining color change over 
time in a titration experiment.

4 - Image Processing Tutorial Using scikit-image - Histograms 

In this section, I explored creating histograms of grayscale and colored images with Numpy and PyPlot.
I discussed a drawback of histograms and how we can overcome this by using Kernel Density Estimation (KDE).

5 - Image Processing Tutorial Using scikit-image - Noise

In this part, Gaussian (random) noise and adding and removing different kinds of noise to the 
images are discussed.

6 - Image Processing Tutorial Using scikit-image - Morphological Operations

In this part, I went over erosion, dilation, opening and closing functions. As an exercise, 
I used an image of touching coins and had skimage count the number of coins automatically.

7 - Image Processing Tutorial Using scikit-image - Image Segmentation

In this section, I talked about two kinds of image segmentation techniques: Supervised and Unsupervised. 
For Supervised method, I explored Active Contour and Random Walker methods to detect the face of a person. 
For Unsupervised method, Simple Linear Iterative Clustering (SLIC) and Felzenszwalb Clustering techniques were discussed. 

8 - Image Processing Tutorial Using scikit-image - Thresholding

In this section of the tutorial, I explored various thresholding techniques. I measured and compared the bacterial
growth in several petri dishes using masking and thresholding techniques as an exercise.

9 - Image Processing Tutorial Using scikit-image - Connected Component Analysis

In this section, I talked about counting and labeling objects using Connected Component Analysis algorithm. 
As an exercise, I counted objects in an image and removed the ones that have smaller areas than a certain value.

10 - Image Processing Tutorial Using scikit-image - Contrast Enhancement

In this section, I talked about Standard and Adaptive Histogram Equalization methods to improve the details of 
low-contrast images. As an exercise, I used these techniques to enhance the quality of a Covid patient's lung x-ray image.

11 - Image Processing Tutorial Using scikit-image - Contour Detection

In image processing, finding contours of objects can be helpful in object detection. As an exercise, I used scikit-image
to detect the contours of holes of a slice of cheese and counted them.  

12 - Image Processing Tutorial Using scikit-image - Edge & Corner Detection

In this part, I talked about edge and corner detection of the objects. I used Sobel, Prewitt, Scharr and Canny filters 
to detect edges. For corners, I used corner_harris() from skimage.feature to detect and count the corners of the
objects in an image.

13 - Image Processing Tutorial Using scikit-image - Image Restoration

In this section of the tutorial, I used inpaint_biharmonic function from scikit-image to restore the torn out parts 
of a severely damaged photo of a person.
